Instructions
Get the Starter Code
If you'd like to start from scratch without any files, feel free to do so! You learn the most by developing on your own! But, it can be a bit challenging
having to start from scratch, so we do provide a starter project to use.

You can download the starter code through either:

The Pixel Art Maker repository on GitHub

This zipped folder

The starter code includes all required HTML input fields, as well as some basic styling. A skeleton of the makeGrid() function is provided as well.

Project Rubric
Review the Pixel Art Maker project rubric carefully, and refer to it often while you build the project.
If you want additional feedback, post in the course
forums or Slack.

Development Strategy
Before writing any code, try loading up index.html from the starter project to see how things look! Notice that the design.js
file is implemented in the
<body> tag in the index.html file. Your goal is to build out the design.js file to achieve all the interactive elements on the page!

Now, open up design.js. As you start writing your code, keep these three tasks in mind:

Define your variables by selecting the DOM elements that the user will interact with. This is where your jQuery skills can come into play!
For instance, the
a). submit button,
b). the table, and
c). the color picker need to be accessed. The value of
d). the color selected needs to be stored as well, since the clicked cell in the table needs to be set to the selected color.
e). Add event listeners to the relevant DOM elements, so that user
f). input can be color values and
g). table sizes can be dynamically set by the user.
h). Set the size of the cross stitch canvas as an N by M grid with the makeGrid() function.
i). Use your knowledge of JavaScript loops to dynamically clear and create the table based on user input.
j). Each cell should have an event listener that sets the background color of the cell to the selected color.
Now test it! When you're done, you should be able to create a canvas of any size, choose a color using the color picker,
and click on the canvas's
table cells to set their color.

Note: To complete Pixel Art Maker, you must be using the current version of Edge, Firefox, or Chrome.

Udacity Style Guides
The starter contains basic styling, but feel free to style the app as you please! You should write your code and markup to meet the specifications
provided in these style guides:

CSS Style Guide
HTML Style Guide
JavaScript Style Guide
Git Style Guide

Array(5)
[
{priority: "ADS-B Mandate", description: "DCPs to align with CFR 91.215 changes to allow ADS…ut OFF operations for sensitive/security missions", duedate: "09/13/2018", status: "Both DCPs sent out for initial review, due back 3/15", nextsteps: null, …}
{priority: "Wake RECAT", description: "Support of the implementation of 3 IOCs during FY-18.", duedate: "09/30/2018", status: "AJV-82 conducted the initial RECAT site visit to D… 1/17, on track for implementation in late March.", nextsteps: null, …}
{priority: "TBFM", description: "Establish Standards & Procedures for Time Based Flow Management. ", duedate: "09/30/2018", status: "Customer forum: Preparing for 1st forum in Atlanta…ompleted, recommendation to be completed on 2/15.", nextsteps: null, …}
{priority: "UAS", description: "Support updates to UAS orders, development of DAA standards and UAS notification of Expanded Ops", duedate: "09/30/2018", status: "Change 1 to 7200.23A ongoing. SRMP for NASA No Chase COA (DAA research) at Edwards AFB on 2/21.", nextsteps: null, …}
{priority: "Commercial Space", description: "Review and revise ATO launch and reentry operation… operations at federal and commercial spaceports.", duedate: "09/30/2018", status: "SRMD for the November Captive Carry Safety Panel w… on captive carry is anticipated in January 2018.", nextsteps: null, …}
]